Milestone 2 update (#90)
matter-labs/zksync-web-v2-docs: docs/api/api.md

zkSync 2.0 fully supports standard [Ethereum JSON-RPC API](https://eth.wiki/json-rpc/API).

As long as the code does not involve deploying new smart contracts (they can only be deployed using EIP712 transactions, more on that [below](#eip712)), _no changes to the codebase are needed._

It is possible to continue using the SDK that is currently in use. Users will continue paying fees in ETH, and the UX will be identical to the one on Ethereum.

However, zkSync has its own specifics, which this section describes.

## EIP712

> To specify additional fields, like the custom signature for custom accounts or the paymaster, EIP712 transactions should be used. These transactions have the same fields as standard Ethereum transactions, but also they have fields that contain additional L2-specific data (`paymaster`, etc):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify additional fields, like the custom signature for custom accounts or the paymaster, EIP712 transactions should be used. These transactions have the same fields as standard Ethereum transactions, but they also have fields that contain additional L2-specific data (`paymaster`, etc):

```json
"ergsPerPubdata": "1212",
"customSignature": "0x...",
"paymasterParams": {
  "paymaster": "0x...",
  "paymasterInput": "0x..."
},
"factory_deps": ["0x..."]
```

- `ergsPerPubdata` is a field that describes the maximal amount of ergs the user is willing to pay for a single byte of pubdata.
- `customSignature` is a field with a custom signature, in case the signer's account is not EOA.

> - `paymasterParams` are parameters around the paymaster: it's address and the input to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `paymasterParams` is a field with paymaster parameters: its address and its input.
```

- `factory_deps` is a field that should be a non-empty array of `bytes` for deployment transactions. It should contain the bytecode of the contract being deployed. If the contract being deployed is a factory contract, i.e. it can deploy other contracts, the array should also contain the bytecodes of the contracts which can be deployed by it.

> To let the server recognize EIP712 transactions, the `transaction_type` field is equal to `113` (unfortunately the number `712` can not be used as the `transaction_type` since the type has to be one byte long).

Author: Discussed in private, decided to leave it as it is

| Field name              | Type      |
| ----------------------- | --------- |

> | txType                  | `uint256`   |

Author: I know about the formatting, I think it is better to do it once in a separate PR, since a lot of other files are affected as well

### `zks_getConfirmedTokens`

::: warning Deprecated

This method is deprecated and will soon be removed.

:::

> Given `from` and `limit`, returns the information about the confirmed tokens with ids in the interval `[from..from+limit-1]`. Confirmed tokens are token that have been bridged through the default bridge.

Author: @popzxc should I mark it as deprecated them? I think the portal's front-end relies on it

> Given `from` and `limit`, returns the information about the confirmed tokens with ids in the interval `[from..from+limit-1]`. Confirmed tokens are token that have been bridged through the default bridge.

Reviewer 2: But it's already deprecated, innit? The deprecation notice is right above.

> Given `from` and `limit`, returns the information about the confirmed tokens with ids in the interval `[from..from+limit-1]`. Confirmed tokens are token that have been bridged through the default bridge.

Author: Removed it in a more recent patch (that's why there is an "outdated" mark on your comment). I thought maybe we wanted to keep it, though obviously there isn't much use to it rn

### `zks_getConfirmedTokens`

> Given `from` and `limit`, returns the information about the confirmed tokens with ids in the interval `[from..from+limit-1]`. "Confirmed" is a misnomer here, since a confirmed token is one that has been bridged through the default zkSync bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given `from` and `limit` returns information about the confirmed tokens with IDs in the interval `[from..from+limit-1]`. "Confirmed" is a misnomer here, since a confirmed token is one that has been bridged through the default zkSync bridge.

]
```

### `zks_getL2ToL1MsgProof`

> Given a block, a sender, message and optionally log index in block of the L1->L2 message, returns the proof for the message sent via the L1Messenger system contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a block, a sender, a message and an optional log index in block of the L1->L2 message, returns the proof for the message sent via the L1Messenger system contract.

Reviewer: > log index in block of the L1->L2 message

I don't really get what this means. Probably we want to say **the** block, but some context seems to be missing

Author: Yes, the log index in the block. Basically means what is the number of this log in the block

> Given a block, a sender, a message and an optional log index in block of the L1->L2 message, returns the proof for the message sent via the L1Messenger system contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a block, a sender, a message and an optional message log index in the block containing the L1->L2 message, returns the proof for the message sent via the L1Messenger system contract.
```
Assuming we talk about the message log index

}
```

### `zks_getTestnetPaymaster`

> Returns the address of the [testnet paymaster](../dev/zksync-v2/aa.md#testnet-paymaster): the paymaster that is available on testnets and allows to pay fees in any ERC-20 compatible tokens. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the address of the [testnet paymaster](../dev/zksync-v2/aa.md#testnet-paymaster): the paymaster that is available on testnets and enables paying fees in ERC-20 compatible tokens. 
```

we had the allow vs. enable discussion in the past : )
feel free to ignore though
